We are making a book reommendaiton review site

steps for viewer

1. Go on to website and enter a username
    1.1. if it is thier first time, it will register their username and save it inside a database
    1.2. if this username is already inside the database, countinue to step 5
2. The website will ask for 5 books that they have read recently along with a rating from 1-10
3. It will then give similar books and prompt them to see if they have read these books and if so, rate them 1-10 
    3.1. Ideally they will rate 10 more books that they read and their ratings for them
4. With the information, the website will prompt at least 5 book recommendations as well as a breif summary and give them links to them on project gutenberg (through the internet or ChatGpt) 
    4.1. It will return to the homescreen
5. On the homescreen, there will be two prompts: One for more Book Recommendations and One for User Comparison
    5.1. Book Recommendations: there is a prompt for how many books you want to place into the database and it will then list out prompts to fill out with thier ratings
        5.1.1. Next it will give 5 book recommendations and have the option to go to the homescreen or sign out
    5.2. User Comparison: there is a prompt for a username to see how similar your reading taste is with another user in the database
        5.2.1. By putting in their username, you can see the books, genres and other concepts that might be shared
        5.2.2. They will be given book recommendations that intersecpt both user's interest and have the option to go to the homescreen or sign out 


steps for code:

1. Store the values of all usernames into a dictionary and have thier information saved
    1.1. Be able to both create a new one if no previous user and sign in those that dictionary
2. Have 5 different areas to prompt them for books alongside a slider or box for the ratings (1-10)
3. Prompt gpt to create 10 books that they could read so that there is more information
4. Prompt gpt with all the information and ask it to recommend 10 books
    4.1. Look through project gutenberg to make sure at least 5 of the books are there 
        4.1.1. If there isn't then prompt gpt again until there is at least 5
    4.2. Choose those 5 books as well as the rest up to 5 books that are not in project gutenberg 
        4.2.1. The choice of those 5 books could be random or chose by prompting GPT again
    4.3. With the reocmmendations give a summary of all the books, giving priority to project gutenberg and askign GPT for the rest
5. Homescreen will have two options leading them to different parts of the website
    5.1. With the book recommendation, it will be similar to steps 2-4
    5.2. It will search for the User and if found will prompt gpt with both sets of info to output books, genres and other concepts that might be shared
